everyone is Sabrina happy valentine's
day today I thought I would spread the
love and share with you my current
foundation routine and when I think I
foundation routine I feel like that
involves contouring highlighting your
foundation eyebrows so basically I just
did my entire face minus my eyes and
lips so this is just basically the
things that I do on a daily basis when I
do do my makeup that doesn't mean that I
wear makeup every single day sometimes
I'll just slap on a BB cream but
majority of the time when I'm at school
I won't put anything on I'm really happy
to be back and active on my channel and
putting out new videos if you guys have
any other requests or anything that you
would like to see please feel free to
leave them in the comments below or you
can contact me on any of my social media
and I would be happy to write them down
on my list of videos going to eat so you
guys have something new and exciting to
watch so with that being said we're
going to go ahead and get started
for my foundation I'm using cover girls
Ready Set gorgeous and number 305 this
foundation works amazing for me because
it gives oil free coverage and even
though it's dry and wintertime I still
have oily skin in quick light strokes
I'm going to buff this all over my face
just that my foundation i'm going to use
the covergirl Ready Set gorgeous powder
and this is in 305 310 medium/deep I am
seriously in love with this combination
and this cover girl why it's very
inexpensive and very long wearing
especially if you have oily skin like me
to conceal my dark circles i'm going to
be using mac prolongwear concealer and
NW 25 and NW 20 and i just like to apply
this with my fingers once i have that
blended into my best abilities with my
fingers I like to take my Beauty Blender
and I just dampen the tip of it with
some mac fix+ using the mac fix+ to
dampen my Beauty Blender instead of just
regular water it's amazing for under-eye
concealer just because it helps make
sure that it's long lasting and it stops
it from creasing underneath my eyes and
it also makes it a little bit Dewey so
that it doesn't look so fake and
highlighted and mapped to further
highlight under my eyes I'm going to be
using van nuys banana powder and I'm
pretty sure I'm the only one that does
this but I like to take just a flat
foundation brush to apply this
underneath my eyes I just feel like it
packs on the best coverage without being
overly cakey and it's very easy to sweep
away any excess and then I also like to
go over with anything that's left on my
brush right here and this is typically
underneath where I do my contour and it
just helps to further sharpen and define
it without actually doing that since
we're pre pre applying it before the
contour if that makes any sense at all I
don't know this is just what I do so now
on to the fun part which is my brows and
I'm so excited to do them because I've
been growing them out for two months if
you guys saw in my most recent video
which I just posted a couple days before
this and they were like chewbacca crazy
so I got them threaded for the first
time and they actually look really great
even without being filled in I'm very
very happy with them but i am going to
touch them up a little bit because i do
have a little bald spot over here
from a scar that I got when I was
younger so to do that I'm going to be
using Anastasi oz dip route and Auburn
and I don't know if you guys can tell
that I'm super OCD about using my
products and I always like to start in
one section first instead of just like
attacking the whole top layer I don't
know why I'm just like really weird like
that and the brush that I'm using is
also from honest hacia before I begin I
just like to comb through my hairs and
make sure that they're placed exactly
how I want them to and then I just go in
very very light strokes if you guys
would like a full tutorial on how I fill
in my brows just let me know and I can't
dedicate a video to that this has been
my favorite part of my routine lately as
I'm sure it has been for all of you
which is to contour so I'm just going to
use my tried-and-true Bahama Mama powder
by the bomb and I've been using this
seriously from the beginning of time
with my morphe contour brush i'm just
going to lightly chisel out my
cheekbones and you seriously need to
apply the lightest amount of product and
pressure with this brush otherwise you
get like a crazy line then using my mac
mineralize skinfinish and dark and just
a little fluffy blush brush I like to
lightly buff this out and just kind of
warm up and brahms the overall sides of
my face using the same brush that we
applied our powder with I just like to
go over and buff out my face to make
sure there are no harsh lines next I
like to apply my highlight and for that
I'm going to be using the mary-lou
manizer by the bomb and I just like to
apply this to the tops of my cheekbones
and I apply it before my blush because i
feel like when i add the blush over top
of it it kind of makes it look like it's
more of a glow within and it just helps
it blend in a little bit more seamlessly
my absolute favorite blush to use in the
winter is this one by mac and it was
from their limited edition Archie
collection and it's called prom princess
I just take that on an angle brush and I
lightly dab it over top of my contour
and also layer on top of the highlight
and I just dive it down towards my
cheekbones and I feel like this just
helps blend it in a little bit better
with the contour and the highlight
and then I really get in there and sweep
it out make sure it's all blended once
I've done that I just take this little
angle brush and this has been absolutely
perfect for contouring my nose it's by
sit on a lace it's number 6 18 and I
just go back into my Bahama Mama the
bomb contour powder and I take the
littlest tiniest amount and I just use
it to contour the tip of my nose and
then I slowly buff it up then with that
same fluffy brush I just like to go into
this urban to KD slick mattifying powder
and it's just a translucent powder I
like to take a little bit of it and
apply it in my t-zone just to ensure
that my face day is Matt and my
governance of my head somebody is
calling me and I also like to work that
on my chin as well when i'm finished i
take my Urban Decay d slick makeup
setting spray oil control and this goes
really well with that translucent powder
and I like to apply a generous amount i
am no stranger to setting sprays i
really hope that you guys find this
video helpful and take away some product
recommendations i'm so happy with my
current foundation routine and all the
products that I've combined together to
kind of perfect my face in this flawless
get natural and minimalistic type of way
whether the products I use our high-end
or from the drugstore I'm so happy with
them all combined together so this is
the final look I hope you guys enjoy
this video and I will see you in the
next one bye
you